Everyone, welcome back.
So this is our next problem, which is independence.
The big problem.
And.
This problem will introduce you to any of your entries.
Again, I'll be repeating the same thing that okay, if you were not able to solve this problem at one
go, because of course these topics might be new to you.
Right?
So.
Just understand what is deep your intrigues, how does depositories work?
Of course, before this you should know what is she how worried are treated as actually how to perform
DFS DFS on trees.
Those are basic utilities of trees.
Before moving on, I would be saying this said yes, it's fine if you're able to solve all of these
problems in one go.
Right, because that's what these problems are doing.
They're introducing you to different types of dynamic programming, new training, programming topics.
But after solving these problems, then you can move on to the different types of problems.
On dynamic programming, which I do.
So after completing this problem, Independent said, I would suggest you, I suggest you some problems
from sports of visual, which would like Anansi or Beatrice knowledge.
Let's begin.
These are tribute and words.
Number one twin to air begins.
The end is tended to five and the identical next vertex x and y.
So it's normal t.
So how many edges are the unity and minus one?
I thought we decided to paint each vertex white or black.
Okay.
Here it is not allowed to paint too at the scene where this is both in black.
So this is the main part.
So we have to color the words either white or black, but we cannot color too.
For a decent word, it has to be black.
So how many number of ways in which words can be painted?
So we are to find out the number of eight and as the number of which can be huge, we have to modulate
into the by name the civil.
Eight.
So this is the input phone.
So here we can see that we have five ways of painting this tree.
The trees.
One, two and two, two, three, eight.
So the first phase paint all white because there is no constraint on white.
We can paint everything not to be white that the only constraint is on black that we cannot paint.
And just in order to be black.
The second one is one, two, three, eight.
We can easily see that there are no two at the same note.
So we are black again.
One, two, three, one.
Okay, so the black is in the middle.
In the third example, in the fourth we can see three is black and in the fifth we can see one in three
are black.
Well.
And what a simple input to sew, disassemble input to which or.
One, two, two, one, two, three.
One, two, four.
Great.
And this is the tree.
Now, we can easily see that we have nine different ways of bending this tree and.
That's that the above constraints are specified, right?
So the under example is the third example which has only one node.
And of course there will be no edges because we have only one node.
How many is there to colour it black or white?
It is two is at the color node one black or white.
And now we have a bigger kind of but it's a bigger input which we can.
Senator Ford to check whether it's working on a list of all.
Let me introduce you to our dynamic programming on trees.
Oh, it's the maestro topic here.
But this becomes beyond peace.
Whenever we are trying to solve some problems related to Libya and Greece, what we consider will always
consider.
The final answer with respect to a subtree eight.
So we know that subdivided with respect to a root node, right?
If I have a road node, then only I can figure it out.
Suppose basically what I mean in disease.
Let's say I have this 3.12 entry rate.
If I consider one as a root node, then this is a subtree.
This is a subtree and this is a subtree.
Okay, so the subtree root needed one is the whole tree.
Thanks.
But what if I consider two as a root node?
So let's consider two as that would not.
Then we can easily see that these will be the levels of the nodes.
So here we can see that this is a subtree one, three subtree and two entries.
Three, the subtree.
So what are the different examples?
What are the difference in them?
The difference is, is that we had three as a separate with a subtree and one, two and three as a separate.
So here we had.
These three.
It ought to be trees of trees.
But see the difference tree as a subtree one tree as a subtree and two as a subtree three, two and
three as a separate where.
Two, one, two, one, three.
This is the subtree which represents the whole tree, because this is the root.
Not always subtree is with respect to a root.
Not right.
So whenever we are trying to solve this problem, first of all, we will fix the root north node can
be any node.
It doesn't matter, right?
Because.
Just think of being covered in this way that if you change, there are no numbers.
Okay.
Let's say you find a founder down the hall to you with considering one is that it would not know if
you change the numbers of the the three and now one is somewhere else eight but in some other do we
can have the same structure?
The structure is same, but just the no numbers are changed.
That won't make any difference to the answer.
Why?
Because answer always depends on the structure of the two and not on the node numbers eight.
But what I mean to say is that the answer for this three will be equal to the answer for District eight,
because these structures are seen, they have the same structure no matter what is the root node.
Eight.
So.
Yeah.
Okay.
I have to close it, I guess.
Just a second.
So all of it gone.
No problem.
I understood it.
Let's move on to the next part, which is the first part I've already explained will consider subjects,
will consider a route or will fix surgery with a route node.
Right.
So let's take this example.
Let's take this example of this one.
So here we can see we have an edge from 1 to 2, one, two, three and 1 to 4.
Right now I'm fixing one.
I would note that two wins on the top, right?
I have to collect these nodes.
So, guys, every node can be either color colored, black or white.
So every note has two options.
So how many possibilities are there to color all these nodes to the power and possibilities?
Because every word has two options.
Right?
But all these possibilities are when when we can like color to adjusting nodes to be black.
Right.
The only constant is that we don't have we don't want to color two edges in order to be black eight.
So yeah, let's, let's try and think about the lymph nodes first.
Right.
So we are moving bottom of basically we are thinking with the lymph nodes first, then we'll consider
the one node with one level above it.
Then we'll consider nodes readable above levels.
So let's talk about the lymph nodes.
It's an extraordinary number, two, three and four, eight.
So what are the number of ways of coloring node number two black.
It is one way.
What are the number of ways of coloring?
Node number two is white.
It is one way.
So I'm writing black on the left and right on the right.
Well, let me make it a little bigger.
This is fun.
Stick this to.
Let's take this tree and let's take this for.
Right.
So one one again a number of ways.
So right now, what I'm saying is the number of ways of.
Ballooning the subtree of a leaf node they'd mutated.
Right now I'm wondering about the number of is.
Quality.
Of giving.
Proper colors.
This subtree.
Of X x can be any node.
X is colored.
Or by eight.
So here represents to right now.
But if I color two is black I've got one as a possibility because what is the subtree of to raise the
subtree of to represent only two.
Subtree of two does not have any other.
No.
Right.
So this is a subtree of two.
So the number of ways in which if it was black and white, the number of ways of coloring its subtree,
its two number of ways if I color nor number two is white rather than number of ways of coloring it
subtract.
It is again one same four, three, same four, four eight guys because all of them are the lymph nodes.
They are the only person they are the only player in this series.
No one is eight.
Then let's talk about this node and everything will become complete.
Right?
So let's talk about node number one.
What are the number of ways of coloring?
The whole subtree of one if I color one with black.
Hey, if I color one with black, let's color this with black.
Let's put some color black over there.
I'm coloring it black if I color red, black cannot color this with white, but can I color nor number
two with black?
No.
By the way, there will be a note.
Can I go three with black?
No.
Otherwise there will be a dizziness side because one is already painted black.
I cannot color any neighborhood of one will be black again.
Eight.
Similarly, guys, I cannot afford to be black.
Now there is only one possibility.
If I color one to be black, then I only have to color two to be white.
Three to be white and four to be white.
Eight.
So now just look at the statement there, the number of ways of balloting, one as black.
Eight If I'm calling one is black, then what are the number of ways of living?
Whole subtree of one.
What are the number of ways of coloring books arbitrary of one then I recursively regarded as like this
it is equal to the if I independently color this subtree.
If I a with two as of eight note, of course, if I independently colored the subtree with three as
a wide note, and I independently carried this subtree with photos of the whatever, then number of
ways, let's say there are some in number of ways to do subtree being, number of ways to color the
subtree and see number of ways to collect this subtree and part of the total number of ways to color
one as black.
12.
The whole subtree of one with one is black naught.
It will be cool to aim to be in to see what Arabian Sea is and number of ways of coloring the subtree
of two.
Ventoux is coloured white, so the subtree of two can be any possibility that there are no to a dozen
black nodes.
That's what the answer contains.
That's why I'm figuring out the answer for one every ounce of what its subtree, the subtree for answer
one depends on its subtree loftily.
So let me.
It is this one's.
I hope you got this by into being to see where it will be.
How many of these theories.
Because one into one.
Into one.
One was a number of ways of coloring your death.
White.
So do not worry, guys.
I'll be taking answers with different would not answer them.
Then we'll see how we are getting answers because.
The structure of the tree will change.
Eight.
Let's talk about.
A second ray of.
Yeah.
Now, what if I.
Caliban is white?
If I Colombian is white, what are the number of ways in which I can fulfill this whole clearing of
the tree?
All coloring of this subtree of one eight.
So if I'm coloring one is white, is there any constraint on two, three or four?
No rate if there are no constraints on two, three and four, that means I can read black or white,
black or white, black or white.
What are the total number of ways in which you color this arbitrary of two?
If I'm coloring two as black already, it is one plus 1 to 8, whether it would be black or white.
So two.
Which is one plus one into.
The number of bills for three, which is one plus one in two, one plus one.
What are they?
The number of is if I color one as a white node.
But as of right now it is doing doo doo doo doo.
Which is it?
Right.
So if I go 11 is why not?
Then it is giving me it.
And if I color is one is black note then what other to of the treat?
It was for me it was only.
But if I colored black, these have to be white.
So what are the number of white into white into white eight.
Which is white.
And if I call it white, if I know number one to be white, then no.
Number two, three and four, you can pick any yellow as a black or white.
There is no question.
So what are the number of ways of calling the whole subtree of two, irrespective of whatever we have
found in the.
Other subjects.
We are not worrying about other subjects.
I know this is important, right?
No matter what, Ophelia doesn't affect it doesn't affect to audit subject it because these are independent
from do because none of them are designed to do you or any node of those subtree eight.
So.
Yeah.
So yeah, that was about it.
And I hope you understood this part.
VI is an answer for why we are leading on so far the whole subseries.
Now, if I want to find dozens over the whole tree, that means I have to find the root note of the
old green, which is one.
So if I invited, it gives me eight possibilities.
If I colored black, it gives me one possibility.
Eight.
But what?
What are the total number of possibilities?
We have nine possibilities.
So we have nine as Don's.
Well.
Now let's take a call.
Let's stick to our three or four gig, any of them as let's stick to whether or together and let's apply
the same logic that we have discussed, which is so two is connected to one and one is connected to
three and.
Okay.
We have four.
Yeah.
One is connected to four also.
Well, let's start from the leaf, not let's start to build things up.
What are the number of ways in which.
I can gladly three or four.
What are the number of ways of giving proper colors to the subtree of x if x is colored, black or white?
If I colored three black, I live a number of ways and if a colored white I look by number of isn't
seen for four because these are the lymph nodes eight by 514 leverage because I'm only considering about
the subtree of three.
Just imagine that I don't have the other tree.
Only I have the subtree of tree.
Nothing.
It's eight.
Well, now goes for one.
What are the number of ways of coloring?
One, two, four.
One if I color one is black.
And what are the number of ways of coloring the whole subtree over one eight.
So if I call it black, then the ends would have no.
No possibilities, no opportunities.
Eight They have to be colored with white.
What are the number of ways of killing them?
By one end, 1 to 1 into one will give me one.
Right.
And of course, if I color one to be white, if I give it a white color, three can have another black
or white, and four can have either black or white.
So what's the answer for that whole subtree if I give them either black or white?
So it is two for three the number of possibilities.
One plus one and one plus one.
We're just going to do, which is four.
So this gets me for eight.
Now let's talk about two.
Finally eight.
So what?
So if I give to to be a blackfella, that means I have to give one to be a white colour.
Then what are the number of ways of colouring?
The whole subtree of one.
If I'm giving one is a white colour.
It is food which I've already calculated.
Eight.
So here I'll get four white because I've given black to two.
And that means one has to take white.
So and the number of ways in which one takes one takes white and the whole of this chapter is coloured
is foot high.
How am I getting four by these two numbers?
Eight.
Let me give you examples.
So it is right for one.
Black flag.
For both of them.
It can be white, white, black.
It can be white.
Black.
White.
Or it can be white.
Quite so.
There are four possibilities.
I hope we're getting about.
How am I getting these four possibilities right now?
Yeah.
No, it's color to to be white.
So what if I give color to as a white color?
If I'm giving it a white color, that means one can have either black colour or can have it a white
color.
So what are the possibilities?
If one is a bit black colour, it is one less.
What are the possibilities if one is a white colour?
It can have four.
So one plus for this five.
If I'm wearing a vital, I get five to number of ways of.
This whole subject has to exist in the black.
And if I give black to NOR number two, then I have four possibilities to color this whole thing.
In the given constraints, in the given requirements, what are the total number of ways I can add the
goal to as one as black or white red.
That means add that four or five.
So we have total nine possibility.
Well, because four for black, five for white.
So you can take Angela four or five.
And we have the whole answer for the deputy of two, which is the whole three.
Again, guys, we can easily see we are getting nine here.
Also, we got nine.
Eight.
Rude doesn't decide answer read the structure of the do decide Sansa salute can be any note of the tree.
You can try the same solution for this big input by digging different different routes as well as a
solution route the route.
Now this.
Let me quickly write the DB reconciliation that we have discussed.
So here what I believe using I are using to dance which is current that means the current node in a
DFS whenever we performed DFS and the next node is X.
So let's not use X, let's use chained.
It's sort of the siloed directory of any node industry.
So here it was only one one surrealist tree and one surrealist four eight where two is up parent and
over.
And so this terminology should be very clear to you because it is kind of dynamic programming entry.
So before understanding dynamic programming, you must know what is fees and what is definition and
structure and melodies.
They provide audiences the answer for some deep current zero or one.
Right?
So here will have two terms zero or one eight.
So let me later D deep current.
But what does zero represents let's say that presents black and what does one represent?
Let's say it represents white DB Current zero means the total possibilities on.
Let me copy this.
The number of ways.
In which.
So let me repeat the total number of these.
Subtree.
Okay.
The subtree.
Of current is painted.
If current is.
Painted black.
Eight.
And similarly, for one, if it is painted white, just the same definition.
And what will be the reconciliation here?
A deep current zero will depend on each side.
Of course, we have seen there that if we are giving it a black colour, I cannot give it so black colour.
It only depends on white.
The depiction in zero is actually the multiplication.
All child of parent.
So a do notice I'm considering only change.
I'm not considering parent over it.
Only the change.
This only the seventies.
It is a multiplication of the current one.
So the child, when not getting late, that means the number of be them giving it sole alert one and
tell me what are the number of years of this subjects?
I simply multiply them because they're independent of each other.
And simply what is the current one?
That means if I'm giving your divide color.
If I'm wearing a white collar that the child can take any of the forms, black or white.
That means it should be equal to the sum, the multiplication of other.
The child is printed one that means white or the child is printed.
Multiplication of all the chains.
Eight.
So this is a normal examination that will define what are the best guesses.
It's a leap, not.
That means rip current zero is equal to the current one.
Is equal to one.
Because if I'm bringing your black number of this one, if I'm bringing your inviting tomorrow with
one because it contains it's only subseries.
So in the next, I will call it out.
Thank you, guys.